after losing his life in a brutal battle
against his brother reddit Goku finds
himself in the other world taking gang
Emma's advice Goku travels the long long
road of snake way in search of the ruler
of the other world King Kai there that's
it that's the planet King Gemma was
talking about tink after the appropriate
interruption Goku found himself training
on King Kai's planet
six months later the stands finally
arrived on earth and begin their dreaded
attack I can't wait to see kakarot face
when he sees that his son has been
smashed into tiny pieces
in this crowd what Goku Goku is quiet
eerie
piccolo
TN Dom Joe
hey bong that's not all i got that other
little friend of yours as well you
didn't ciao to know
coming
Oh
Reggie Reggie da I need your help
break the horse tails goodbye
again